docs: add notification section to customize and reference (#547)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/customize/notifications.md

# Notifications

> Depending on your instance needs regarding notifications, you might want to customize the configuration values provided by the `invenio-notifications` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your instance needs regarding notifications, you might want to customize the default values provided by the `invenio-notifications` module.
```

```

We are pretty happy with most of the content, but want to override the `html_body` to include a link to the community and all requests.
To do this, we will create a file with the same name and extend the base template.

```jinja

{% extends "invenio_notifications/community-submission.submitted.html" %}

{% block html_body %}

<p>The record "{{ notification.context.get("request").get("topic").get("metadata").get("title") }}" was submitted to your community {{ notification.context.get("request").get("receiver").get("metadata").get("title") }} by {{ notification.context.get("request").get("created_by").get("username") }}.</p>

<a href="{{ notification.context.get("request").get("receiver").get("links").get("self_html") }}" class="button">Check out the community"</a>

<a href="{{ notification.context.get("request").get("links").get("self_html") }}" class="button">Review the request</a>

<a href="{{ notification.context.get("request").get("receiver").get("links").get("self_html") + "/requests" }}" class="button">Check out all community requests</a>

{% endblock %}
```

## NOTIFICATIONS_BACKENDS

This config variable allows to specify the available backends.

> For instance, you can provide an implementation of your institute specific tool of communication and send notifications via this backend. For this, simply extend the `NotificationBackend` class and implement the `send` method.

Reviewer: Mainly to use the same terminology than in the example below (i.e. institute vs institution)
```suggestion
For instance, you can provide an implementation for your institution's preferred communication tool and send notifications via this backend. For this, simply extend the `NotificationBackend` class and implement the `send` method.
```
